---
layout: default
subtitle_before: Custom Modules
title: Events
subtitle_after: On24 Integration
image: inline-assets/documentation/custom-modules/events/on24.svg
menu_title: On24 Integration
menu_order: 16
---
## Summary
The On24 Events Integration module provides a first class integration with the
[On24 Webinar Platform](https://www.on24.com/).

### Webinar Creation
This module provides a custom REST endpoint that was designed specifically for
Informatica. There is no OpenAPI specification for this, as the only version
available is riddled with proprietary Informatica extensions.

This endpoint accepts XML and each record requires the following data points:
- `title` - the title of the event
- `crm_id` - the Salesforce id of the event to create
- `on24_template_id` - the machine name of the on24 webinar to duplicate
- `start_date` - the start datetime in ISO 8601 format
- `end_date` - the end datetime in ISO 8601 format
- `webform_id` - the machine name of the registration form to use

Upon receiving a request, the following events happen:
1. Validate the record
2. Perform an API call to the On24 vendor platform to duplicate a webinar
3. Create a Drupal event node that links the On24 webinar with the Salesforce
   event.

The event node then enters the moderation queue for a content manager to
approve and publish.

### Webinar Registration
Upon being published, end-users may register for the webinar without leaving
the application - having their registration forwarded to the vendor platform
along with analytics information by the Drupal application that is only
available via the first party site. These API calls are managed through the
Webform module via Remote Post handlers. These handlers are no-code, completely
configured through the GUI.

### Resilience / Fail-safety
Upon registration, if the On24 vendor platform happens to be down, the Drupal
application will retry REST registration calls every 5 minutes until it
succeeds. This ensures that end-users will never experience a time when they
are unable to register.

### Content Manager Diagnostics
The event editing form has a new tab, **_On24 Integration_**, which contains
various information about the webinar from the On24 vendor platform. This
information includes event metadata and registrant metrics.

### Mock Service Submodule
The On24 vendor platform does **_not_** offer dev or staging environments! Due
to this, there exists an awkward status-quo. To alleviate this, a mock service
is installed on all non-production environments that emulates the On24 vendor
platform and returns hard-coded responses based on various input conditions.

## Requirements
This module requires the following modules:
- Workflows (drupal core)
- Content Moderation (drupal core)
- PSU Events (custom module)

## Installation
Install as you would normally install a contributed Drupal module. For further
information, see
[Installing Drupal Modules](https://www.drupal.org/extending-drupal/installing-drupal-modules).

## Configuration
This module requires configuration.
- API Endpoint - the api endpoint for the on24 vendor platform
- API Key - the api key to use for the integration
- API Secret - the api secret to use for the integration
- Client ID - the client id of the on24 account

## Maintainers
- Matthew David Webb <mdw15@psu.edu>, Applications Developer Manager
- Brianne Williams <bnh10@psu.edu>, Applications Developer
- Kyle Leber <kjl16@psu.edu>, Applications Developer
- Luke Leber <lal65@psu.edu>, Applications Developer
- Zachary Ishler <zri5004@psu.edu>, Applications Developer

## Support
Submit bug reports and feature suggestions, or track changes in the
[psu_events issue queue](https://github.com/psu-online-education/psu_events/issues).
